Updated operation metrics reporting docs (#454)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/metrics/sending-operation-metrics.mdx

> You can set up a reporting agent in your GraphQL server to push metrics to Apollo Studio. The agent is responsible for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up a reporting agent in your GraphQL server to push metrics to GraphOS. The agent is responsible for:
```

- Translating operation details into the correct [reporting format](#reporting-format)
- Implementing a default **signature function** to identify each executed operation

> - Emitting batches of traces and statistics to the Apollo Studio reporting endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Emitting batches of traces and statistics to the GraphOS reporting endpoint
```

- Optionally defining plugins to enable advanced reporting features

Apollo Server defines its agent for performing these tasks in [the usage reporting plugin](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-server/blob/main/packages/server/src/plugin/usageReporting).

> If you're interested in collaborating with Apollo on creating a dedicated integration for your GraphQL server, please get in touch with us at **support@apollographql.com**.

### Reporting format

> Apollo Studio's reporting endpoint accepts batches of traces and statistics that are encoded in **protocol buffer** format. Each trace corresponds to the execution of a single GraphQL operation, including a breakdown of the timing and error information for each field that's resolved as part of the operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GraphOS reporting endpoint accepts batches of traces and statistics that are encoded in **protocol buffer** format. Each trace corresponds to the execution of a single GraphQL operation, including a breakdown of the timing and error information for each field that's resolved as part of the operation.
```

> The schema for this protocol buffer is defined as the `Report` message in the [the protobuf schema](https://usage-reporting.api.apollographql.com/proto/reports.proto).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The schema for this protocol buffer is defined as the `Report` message in [the protobuf schema](https://usage-reporting.api.apollographql.com/proto/reports.proto).
```

> > This document describes how to create a report whose `tracesPerQuery` objects consist solely of a list of detailed execution traces in the `trace` array. Apollo Studio now allows your server to describe usage as a mix of detailed execution traces and pre-aggregated statistics (released in Apollo Server 2.24), which leads to much more efficient reports. This document does not yet describe how to generate these statistics. It also does not describe how to support the "referencing operations" feature of [the Fields page](./field-usage/). We strongly encourage developers to contact Apollo support at **support@apollographql.com** to discuss their use case prior to building their own reporting agent using this module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This document describes how to create a report whose `tracesPerQuery` objects consist solely of a list of detailed execution traces in the `trace` array. GraphOS now allows your server to describe usage as a mix of detailed execution traces and pre-aggregated statistics (released in Apollo Server 2.24), which leads to much more efficient reports. This document does not yet describe how to generate these statistics. It also does not describe how to support the "referencing operations" feature of [the Fields page](./field-usage/). We strongly encourage developers to contact Apollo support at **support@apollographql.com** to discuss their use case prior to building their own reporting agent using this module.
```

The reference TypeScript implementation includes several features that you might want to include in your implementation. All of these features are implemented in the usage reporting plugin itself, and are documented [the plugin's API reference](/apollo-server/api/plugin/usage-reporting/).

> For example, you can restrict which information is sent to Studio, particularly to avoid reporting personal data. Because personal data most commonly appears in variables and headers, the TypeScript agent offers options to `sendVariablesValues` and `sendHeaders`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can restrict which information is sent to GraphOS, particularly to avoid reporting personal data. Because personal data most commonly appears in variables and headers, the TypeScript agent offers options to `sendVariablesValues` and `sendHeaders`.
```
